So today we're making
mushrooms specifically we're boiling our
mushrooms a lot of us have been told
that when you process your mushrooms
when you cook
them they are not allowed to touch a
single drop of water but in my
experience I found that not to be
correct and so today we're going to
explain why it works to boil your
mushrooms today we're cooking with three
types of mushrooms the shitake the
portabello and the oyster these are
shitake mushrooms which is the Japanese
word for them they are however um
Chinese in
origin I like to take off the tough part
at the end but this stem is totally
edible and I would throw that into the
mix also if anything gives you a little
bit of textural contrast so mushrooms
because of their cell structure and the
way this fungus is set up in between all
these fibers is are big air pockets that
are filled with air and eventually with
what whatever liquid that it comes into
contact with that's a lot of the reason
why some people say don't soak them in
water but if you were to throw a dry
mushroom that is filled with all these
Pockets like a sponge into a pan with
hot oil that oil is just going to get
absorbed almost entirely so you add a
little bit more oil you keep adding oil
and you keep adding oil just to prevent
it from sticking what ends up happening
is these mushroom sponges soak up all of
that oil and then you get sort of a bit
of a greasy mess so what we're doing
here is actually a bit of a reverse of
that but we're first going to be boiling
it to saturate these mushrooms with
water so that that sponge is filled to
the brim and then we're going to
introduce oil and the good thing about
oil at the end just a little bit is to
help it brown the second is a Portell
which is very steak like it's very
robust in flavor a lot more earthier
some people actually uh my parents for
example find Porter bells to be a little
bit too aggressive I'm going to cut this
one into nines they do leak a lot of a
dark brown liquid and have that
earthiness so when they're complemented
with shitake which are somewhere in
between and oyster mushrooms that are a
little bit lighter and sweeter it's
going to create a nice uh fungus mix and
then the oysters when they come in just
peel them into sizable shapes if they're
a little bit too big just break them up
the natural Contours and lines of the
fibers of the mushroom will create nice
Jagged edges for that caramelization to
happen mix those up and this is our mix
of mushrooms that we will cook in that
walk two aromatics today first is the
scallion and second is the Garlic unlike
most of our stir fries we're not going
to start our cook with our aromatics and
they're only going to be tossed in at
the end which means that their cooking
time is going to be relatively short
which means that I want to cut this
garlic and this scallion a little bit
thinner U because it doesn't get to cook
for as long it does get tossed on at the
end and you will be able to see it so
try to keep it nice so we're washing
these mushrooms with water which is so
sacrilegious to very many people who
went to culinary school first of all I
did not go to culinary school and second
of all I am not a western chef so I
don't know about those rules but we're
just going to be washing them just like
this but we're washing them we're not
killing them we're not squeezing them
we're just using water to help us get
into all those gills and places that are
hard to get into I'm going to drain this
off okay let's start cooking these
mushrooms it's a very straightforward
cooking process in the walk mushrooms or
Skillet whatever you have lying around
and then we're going to cover these
mushrooms with water and then we're
going to turn it on I like using a walk
for this recipe but a skillet works as
well what I like about the walk is its
shape so you don't have to give that
much liquid it also has a large surface
area so that water can evaporate which
is something that needs to happen cuz
this liquid is going to be reduced and
finally the walk itself is non-stick
which means that as these mushrooms get
to the bottom of the pan it won't stick
stick and burn basically so the process
is simple all you're doing covering your
mushrooms with water bringing it to a
boil and letting it cook at least 15
minutes until all of that water has
evaporated and disappeared oh shoot I
forgot as this Cooks feel free to season
your mushrooms I'm using kosher here so
I'm being a little bit generous keep in
mind all that water is going to be gone
so don't add too much one of the
benefits of this cooking technique is we
can season our mushrooms nice and early
part of the problem with just searing
them in oil is if you add salt a little
bit too early the salt will start to
draw a lot of moisture out of that
mushroom making it difficult to build a
sear that's not the case here because we
have plenty of time for these mushrooms
to absorb that salt and get saturated
with sort of a delicious brine this is
going to go for a little while so we're
going to hang out here in the Test
Kitchen see what everybody else is up to
what are you doing what are you doing
Nick I'm the old Chinese Uncle walking
around with my hands behind my back
Chopsticks in my pocket just like taking
people's
stuff you know what we should we should
do is we should get a
drink yes surprise right are you making
me a cocktail oh absolutely
you what you feeling like um this is
Harbor our cocktail resident yesterday I
had a delicious Martini that had pickled
mushrooms in it yeah yeah you want one
of those yeah
please dude it's so sophisticated it's
so complicated it's like a little soupy
because of the mushroom in a good way
we'll be drinking a bunch of these
tonight after the mushrooms yeah wait we
need to check if the the the mushrooms
are
cooked subtle changes we are halfway
through the cook maybe 7 or 8 minutes
you'll see that a broth has been built
of all of the mushrooms that are cooking
inside but also you'll notice that this
liquid is a little bit thick that starch
that comes out of the mushroom that
we're coaxing out with the Heat and the
boiling it's not just water now it's
like becoming a broth it's got texture
which is a good thing if you pick up the
shitake mushrooms they have have shrunk
maybe about I'm going to say halfway
maybe a little bit less than it 2/3 now
we're going to keep an eye out on this
cuz when it gets to the bottom you
really don't want it to burn all of that
nutrient-dense flavor dense liquid is
coming out of that mushroom coed by heat
and water and you're going to get a
delicious product all we're doing here
is capitalizing on the deliciousness
that's already in the mushrooms and
trying to amplify them but not adding
too much but also by not taking anything
away it's like the essence of the
mushroom
I have maybe here about 1/4 cup of
liquid left it's really quite condensed
we're going to take it all the way down
I'm still maintaining a pretty high heat
medium high because it's a walk nothing
is sticking but be patient and watch out
at this stage we're going to wait for
basically all of that water to disappear
we will have a very small window when
the mushrooms are still saturated with
liquid for us to add oil before it
burned because it still has a little bit
of liquid in there after that oil goes
in it's going to start to sizzle and
build that nice caramelized crust that
we've been missing because we've been
boiling it and then scallion and garlic
is going to go in toss it up that Heat's
going to activate all those aromatics
toss TOS sa that sauce at this point you
notice anything stuck to the bottom of
the Walk you're more than welcome to add
a little bit of liquid to release it but
know that the mushrooms are already
fully saturated with water so that
flavor has been extracted if you want to
build a little bit of a sauce this is
the time just to add a touch more water
into your mushrooms take it off the heat
and you'll have these beautifully glazed
ridiculously flavorful Chinese style
mushrooms so we'll see maybe some of our
friends here in The Test Kitchen might
give this a little bit of a taste test
so boiled mushrooms salt garlic and oil
and
scallions wow oh that's so nice there
you have it food 52 Test Kitchen
approved boiled mushrooms if you like
this recipe the simplified version
written is on food 52 and also in the
description box
below